Soundscape Narrative Reflection 

This soundscape narrative was about my day of a life as a college student on a Friday. The narrative starts off with an my alarm clock going off and then proceeds to my morning routine. This included sounds of stretching,  brushing teeth, showering, etc.
The story then proceeds with me walking to lecture, attending lecture, eating, then heading back home. Once I am back, I smoke, and my roommate asks if I want to go out tonight. I say yes, then we proceed to pre-game, go to the party, stumble back home, and fall fast asleep back at the house. 
I want my listeners to be able to relate to the sounds that they hear in my narrative. My listeners can imagine differently how they view the story in their head based on their past experiences. For example, the start of my narrative is an alarm clock going off and getting ready for class. 
I would think all my classmates can relate to that in some fashion. The theme I would like to provide is that all of us students may have different interests or hobbies but there are certain sounds that we can all relate to just by being a student. Therefore, the listeners can learn that we are all similar in some way even if their personalities are very different.
As I was creating this narrative I had some struggles finding the right sounds that would apply to the story I was trying to potray. Therefore to solve this problem, I took multiple different audio files and split them and join them to create the sounds that I was trying to acheive. 
This took some time to learn. However, it was worth it in the long run since people say the audio sounds like I recorded it but, it was just my editing that made it sound more realistic. After learning how to use audacity, I did not have any tehincal difficulties. 
The tool I utilized the most was the time shift tool since my narrative was about my day therefore I had to add multiple different tracks and put them in order sequentially to provide the feel that a day is passing by.